## Dungeoning

#Controls
Movement
WASD, IJKL, Arrow Keys, Numpad

Cancel
E, O, Escape, Backspace, Right Click

Targeting Mode
E, O, Escape, Backspace, Middle Click

Accept/Request Assistance
Q, U, Enter, Space

Toggle Window Focus
Tab, \

Perform Action
Tab, \, Right Click

#Gameplay
Like any classic roguelike, all you gotta do is bump into enemies to attack them.
Movement is turn based, meaning enemies will only move when you do.  Unless you know what you're doing and your reflexes are god-like, rushing will usually just get you killed really fast.

You can press a Movement key or click around the character to move them in that direction.
- If you want to speed things up, you can tap rapidly to send off a stream of turns

Hovering your mouse over any enemy sprite or moving the targeting cursor to them will show you their name and current amount of HP.

Doors inhibit your field of view and entry into rooms.  
By gathering keys, you can simply open treasure chests or doors with no fear of being attacked by a mimic, or you can bash them right in. 
 
Holding the ACTION button and moving in the Direction of the object you wish to unlock will use a key if it's a treasure chest or door type.

Ascending or Descending requires the player to be standing on a staircase and pressing the ACTION button.  
Ascending while on the first floor of a dungeon will result in leaving the dungeon with no penalty, much like sacrificing to escape.

Players may also gather equipment while dungeoning.  Enemies have a chance of dropping either a sword, shield, or piece of armor.  Equipment will automatically be put on upon stepping on the drop icon.  They all have durability values and a power bonus for your character.  Once a piece of equipment breaks, it no longer grants its power rating.  Equipment is reset with each dungeon.

Spell casting enables the player to send out an attack that streams in a straight path, hurting all enemies in its path, penetrating their defense.  The amount of spells available is limited by how many mana potions you naturally have, which recharge over time.
To cast a spell you must enter Targeting mode.  Targeting mode allows you to move a cursor anywhere within your FOV.  Spells can only be cast perpendicularly to the character, so the cursor will lock to an axis first when attempting to cast a spell.
